# Economic Dynamics PC Tutorial

These notebooks are a new voluntary PC tutorial to accompany the lecture Economic Dynamics, which is part of the core curriculum of the economics MSc programmes at the university of Kiel. The lecture is based on the textbook by Gandolfo (2009) of the same title, ad these tutorials follow the structure of the pen & paper tutorial.

As the structure is pre-determined, the first two tutorials are fairly simple, which might help students to familiarise themselves witht the programming language Python and the Jupyter environment. In the following three tutorials, covering differential equations, a number of classic time stepping methods are introduced, as well as Newton's method to find roots (steady states in the dynamic systems context). The last tutorial finally provides a glimpse into the world of numerical methods for dynamic optimisation, introducing a simple version of the forward-backward-sweep method.

Python was chosen as the programming langugage of choice due to its importance in scientific programming and data science, making it an extremely relevant skill for economics students. The Jupyter notebooks are an ideal editor for these tutorials due to their ease of use and the features that allow adding detailed explanations with markdown formatting and Latex typesetting for equations between the "cells" that contain actual code. Those notebooks are also exported as html files, which anyone can open in a standard browser, in case they are interested in the materials, but would like to implement the solutions in another programming language.